tomvanderwildt's Gigs:-

Hi! I am a UK based graphic designer. I mainly focus on poster and editorial work, but I 
m also open to work on web and motion design. I make modern and clean artwork that would 
be perfect for album artworks, event posters, and logos.


stephengilliam's Gigs:-

I'm an indie filmmaker and graphic designer and out of necessity have been creating movie 
posters for myself and the local indie film for the past 15 years.


studio grafika:-

We offer a range of highly impactful hand-crafted illustrated designs, from minimalist 
modern poster to full-page complex illustrations combined with perfectly laid typographic 
design; the illustration and content are harmoniously juxtaposed in ways that cannot be 
ignored, creating a memorable spectacle conveying your messaging across.


designerheather:-

How your brand looks and feels is essential for creating a good first impression. Your 
posters at an event or out and about in town are a very important part of that brand, it 
could be the first thing a potential customer sees! 

With the right designs, you can attract the right type of customers, look professional and 
beat your competition. My design skills can really help to set your business above everyone
else. 

All of my designs are bespoke and specifically tailored to your needs, whether it be to 
attract more customers or just spread general awareness.


katarzynasurman:-

INTRO

I am a designer with my own studio and I worked with with clients from around the globe. I 
like to work closely with the client, listening their needs and expectations. All Design 
decisions are made based on your brand values, mission, history and target market. Quality 
is one of top priorities. I will work with you to create a visual identity for your brand 
that not only looks great, but communicates the right message. 

PROCESS

1 After know the needs for the project I start designing.
2 I will make various logo ideas  Then together we will decide which project is the best. I
 will develop the idea and and I will show you a few options to choose.
3 Corrections are included
4 I will work with you, step by step, to ensure a very personal process to a successful end.
5 Delivery includes all original files 


numeralstudio:-

Briefing & Research
To ensure the best result, we research the company`s environment as well as our client`s 
needs Based on this research we collect the adequate information to work on it.

Design Development
1. The design process will begin with the development of two (2) alternatives for the 
 brand’s logo. The client will select one of the two alternatives and make the necessary
 adjustments in order to achieve the desired concept and design.
2. We will present it again and the client can make some other corrections. 
3. Approval of final concept. With an approved logo, the design process will continue with
 the development of the agreed deliverables and completion of all materials for execution
 and production according to the package.

Our objective is to design a unique and functional concept to position the company with a 
conceptual platform that can compete to future proof. 


simofloyd:-

Hello, I'm Simona, a Visual & UI Freelance Designer based in Italy.

I'm focused on the creation of visually compelling identities that will lead to brands
having great and immediate impact on their target audience. My aim is to turn your
message into attractive, minimalist and effective designs starting from the first and
most recognizable element of a brand identity: the logo.

With a well designed and appealing logo, your brand presence on the market will be
effective and strong as it should be! My creative process is based on a continuous 
collaboration with the client. I carefully analyze all the needs and requests to build a 
creative brief to get to the best design result. Design iteration is vital to make your 
logo and brand stand out.

If you decide to work with me my promise is that you will have the opportunity to be 
actively involved in the design process which will help me create timeless and attractive 
logo designs that will differentiate you from your competitors and will make you happy 
and satisfied! 

For any clarification on the project, contact me and we will find the perfect solution 
for your needs.