⭐ Contact me for a Free comprehensive Website SE0 Analysis ⭐





OnPage SEO Services & Optimizations.

Meta Titles
Meta Descriptions
Proper Keywords Research
H1, H2 & H3 headings Tags
Image ALT Attribute & Title Implementations
Internal Linking
External Linking
Search Engine Friendly URLs


Technical SEO Services & Optimizations

Robots.txt
XML Sitemap(s)
Speed, Performance & Loading Time
Crawlability & Redirection Errors FIX
Google Analytics
Broken Links, 404 FIX
SSL Certificate (HTTPS)
Canonical URL & Tags
Google Knowledge Graph
Opengraph Tags
Schema Markup
Breadcrumbs
Manual Images Compression


Additional,

Google Search Console & Bing, Yandex Verifications
Zapier Integration
Algolia Integration
Yoast SEＯ Premium or All in One SEＯ Premium (Free)
Site Submission to 50+ Whois & Search Engines


Why Glaxosoft?

10+ Years SEＯ Experience
Lifetime 24/7 Support
100% high-quality work
Whitehat SEＯ techniques
We just follow Google Algorithm Policies & Recommendations
100% Customer satisfaction is Guaranteed.



One of The Most Trusted SEO Professionals on Fiverr With Over 14 Years Of Experience In SEO



IMPORTANT: The backlinks will be placed on general sites as described below! If you are looking for contextual links in niche related posts please check out my other gig here: https://cutt.ly/cFZYDUe



With this link building service, you will get 150 permanent backlinks from general, diverse link sources (natural mix of dofollow and nofollow links). Most of the sites have high Domain Authority and Trust Flow scores. Safe, white-hat approach. No PBNs, no spam links, no black-hat methods. All links will be from unique domains, no duplicates!



Links You Will Receive:



High DA Profile Links
Image Submission Links
Document Sharing Links
PPT Sharing Links
Audio Sharing Links
Business Citation Links (optional)
and more...


A detailed report will be provided upon completion, containing the logins to these properties and information on each such as Domain Authority score.



This is manual work and I drip feed the links so the turnaround time is about 2 weeks!



Disclaimer: I can't guarantee specific rankings in search results, however, the links will positively influence your website.


Buy This #1 Gig to DOMINATE Your Local SEO - Google Love is the #1 !!



We have successfully ranked local businesses in our Midwest market, and now we want to help you rank in your market. We have crafted a 'recipe' that when we add the right ingredients, the right way, the result is a ranking boost that is fast and lasts. We call this recipe "Google Love".



What is Google Love? It's the ranking boost result we get for your business. We add this and watch your ranking grow.



100% Guaranteed Boost to Your Local Map Pack Ranking



We offer 3 packages:



Gold

1 GMap w/ 1500 map points

50 High DA Citations

5 G-Authority Stack



Platinum

1 GMap w/ 6500 map points + driving directions

150 High DA Citations

10 G-Authority Stack

50 SEO high DA SEO BackLinks

w/ Google Love



Diamond - RECOMMENDED for DOMINATION

1 GMap w/ 14000 map points + driving directions

300 BEST Citations

20 G-Authority Stack

200 SEO high DA BackLinks

w/Google Love



With any recipe, anyone can mix it, but to make it the right way w/ Love requires knowing what to add and when.



Your business deserves a serving of Google Love. Let us serve you.